fix: add enviroment toggle (#491)
shopwareLabs/SwagPayPal: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixes an issue, where the express checkout could choose a customer country that was not assigned to the correct sales channel (shopware/SwagPayPal#479)
- Fixes an issue, where cookies are added even though associated payment methods are not active (shopware/SwagPayPal#457)
- Fixes an issue, where the state of a country was not correctly transmitted to PayPal (shopware/SwagPayPal#469)

> - Added setting to mark the shop as local environment to preventing connection issues when testing in a non public accessable environment (shopware/SwagPayPal#463)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added setting to mark the shop as local environment to preventing connection issues when testing in a non-publicly accessible environment (shopware/SwagPayPal#463)
```
